Moderation provider docs (#2619)
ably/docs: src/pages/docs/chat/moderation/direct/bodyguard.mdx

---
title: Bodyguard
meta_description: "Detect and remove unwanted content in a Chat Room using Bodyguard AI."
---

[Bodyguard](https://bodyguard.ai/) is a powerful contextual analysis platform that can be used to moderate content in chat rooms.

> The Bodyguard rule is a rule applied to chat rooms in Ably Chat which enables you to use Bodyguard's content moderation capabilities to detect and handle inappropriate content before it is published to other users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Bodyguard integration can be applied to chat rooms so that you can use Bodyguard's content moderation capabilities to detect and handle inappropriate content before it's published to other users.
```

## Integration setup <a id="setup"/>

> Configure the integration rule in your [Ably dashboard](https://ably.com/accounts/any/apps/any/integrations) or using the [Control API](/docs/account/control-api).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configure the integration in your [Ably dashboard](https://ably.com/accounts/any/apps/any/integrations) or using the [Control API](/docs/account/control-api).
```

> The following are the fields specific to Bodyguard configuration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following fields are specific to Bodyguard configuration:
```

| Field | Description |
| ----- | ----------- |
| Bodyguard API key | The API key for your Bodyguard account. |
| Channel ID | The ID of your Bodyguard channel where moderation rules are configured. |
| Default Language (optional) | The default language to use for content analysis. This will be used as a fallback in case automatic language detection fails. |
| Model URL (optional) | A custom URL if using a custom moderation model. |

For additional configuration options shared across all before-publish moderation rules, see the [common configuration fields](/docs/chat/moderation#common-config).

Messages will be rejected if Bodyguard's analysis returns a `REMOVE` recommended action based on the moderation rules configured in your Bodyguard channel.

## Handling rejections <a id="rejections"/>

> If a message fails moderation the message will not be published and the publish request will be rejected.

Reviewer: Sorry, should have been clearer.

In hindsight this isn't as confusing as Tisane. I guess we could just consolidate it to a single sentence, but feel free to ignore:

"Messages are rejected when they fail Bodyguard's analysis. Bodyguard returns a `REMOVE` action in these instances and the messages will not be published to your channel. The publish request will be rejected."

> If a message fails moderation the message will not be published and the publish request will be rejected.

Author: Nice, that sounds good to me, have updated 👍

> If a message fails moderation and the rule policy is to reject, then it will be rejected by the server.

Reviewer: These seem to be saying sort of the same thing in different words?
